Geordie Shore is back in Newcastle.
Home sweet fucking home.
(cheering)
We're back with a fucking boom.
Get in!
Come on.
And bang!
I told you to shut the fuck up.
Fuck, Marnie's back.
(Gary) Scott's gonna kick off.
Sort yourself. Put bros before hos.
She's standing dancing by herself.
I'm starting to feel
really awful about it all.
Scott can't have it all his own way.
I can't trust her.
Mitch is here!
He could've turned up sober.
The kid's fucking smashed.
Their first impression is that
he's a massive fucking bell-end.
I never wanted it to end this way.
I should have a degree
in pulling women.
I am a Geordie girl with a VIP edge.
I'm a natural beauty.
Real boobs, real hair.
I'm gonna tear the place up.
I never kiss anyone
without a six-pack.
Hardest graft I do is doing me hair.
I'm fit, flirty
and I've got double Fs.
(all) Geordie Shore, why-aye!
I can't believe last night.
I can.
Me and Gary are having breakfast and
we feel so bad about what happened.
Mitch was a prick. I can't believe
how much he upset Charlotte.
Obviously he was drunk.
I don't care.
That is not an excuse for anyone.
He started calling everyone fucking
idiots, calling us all cunts.
Honestly, at one point,
I was gonna fucking knock him out.
That relationship is one-sided.
Charlotte came to London.
All he's gotta do is be nice
and he can't.
I couldn't believe
that she's chosen him over us.
I know Charlotte
will be gutted about last night.
I hope she comes back and explains
what went on, then we can move on.
Me and Mitch are in the park.
I'm still angry.
Mitch, you do realise
how drunk you were?
Nah, I weren't that drunk.
You were.
I weren't.
I couldn't even calm you down.
You were flinging us around
like a yo-yo.
What makes it worse
is Mitch can't remember anything.
One minute you were saying
you loved us
and the next you didn't want
to be anywhere near us.
Everyone's probably gonna hate
Mitch now.
I just look like a complete mug.
Well, everyone probably thinks
I'm a dickhead, don't they?
Holly was angry
so I'm dreading going back today.
Well, tell Holly I'm sorry.
I can't face seeing the others yet.
I need to go home.
I'll see them at the house. I need
to prepare what I'm gonna say.
Cos I love ya.
I'm glad.
I'm glad you love us, mind.
(Holly) After last night, I forget
that we now have to go rap jumping.
Why would anyone want to go to the
top of a building and walk down it?
That's just fucking plain stupid.
This is 47 metres of tower.
We'll watch Colin do a demo jump.
Oh, God.
Oh, my God.
(screaming)
Oh, my God!
That looks unreal.
That looks so good.
Give us a go.
Rap jumping is my bucket list.
I'm gonna show everyone and dive off
this building like a fucking swan.
I'm feeling sick looking up at it.
I can't do that, man.
There's no chance I'm doing this.
I'd be sick all over meself.
Holly's not doing it either
cos she hates everything.
Oh, my God, it's so high.
I can't wait to hoy meself over the
edge. Gaz looks like he's gonna cry.
Don't worry, kid,
we'll paint your nails later.
I honestly can't watch.
I'm running down!
I'm running down a wall, for fuck's
sake. It feels fucking mint.
Oh, my God.
Let's do it, man.
Nah.
Come on! Go on, Gary!
Oh, my God.
Shit. Scott's done it, Gary's done
it. There's no way I can't do it.
Keep going, Marnie!
I'm hanging here like a puppet,
looking like a fucking twat.
(laughter)
Thank fuck the rap jumping's over.
I hope when we get back to the house
Charlotte's gonna be waiting for us.
I'm on me way back and I'm so
worried. I need to phone me mam.
She knows best.
Mams always know what to do.
Everyone is gonna be talking about
it, saying that he's an arsehole.
I just... I can't be bothered. It's
gonna be made into such a big deal.
I hope Holly forgives us
and she understands.
I don't want her to be mad.
I don't want her to think
that I chose Mitch over her.
Holly's already said stuff, Mam.
Now I've gotta meet them.
They'll all be like, "I hate him".
I don't want to hear that.
Me mam's reassuring us that it's
gonna be fine when I go back
and see the others.
I just hope she's right.
I'm on the settee and I can hear the
car pulling up and I'm so nervous.
They come straight over
and give us a hug.
I don't know why
I was ever so scared.
It's all right.
Are you all right?
Thank God Charlotte's there.
I know she's upset,
but her boyfriend acted like a dick.
All I was trying to do
was protect her.
Don't worry.
Sorry for shouting at you.
It's hard, watching Charlotte cry.
It used to be me making her cry,
but I can make it OK.
When it's someone else,
it kills us.
I know what he did was bad. I'm not
making any excuses. He was an idiot.
I just don't want you all
to hate him.
The last thing I want is them
to think bad of me relationship
cos I really love Mitch and I really
wish things had gone differently.
(phone rings)
(sighs) Oh, God. Hello?
"Hi, Holly."
Hi, Anna.
"I've got a job for you."
Anna tell us we've got to work at
the Bucking Bronco and I hate her.
Are you going to work with anyone?
You.
You. No!
(laughter)
Anna says me, Holly and Gary
are at work.
I hope Mitch isn't brought up
cos I can't fight his corner
any more than I already have.
Lately I've been rooshing the drink
so I'm gonna stop in
and watch The Notebook.
I do like Scott.
But he doesn't know where his head's
at, so how am I supposed to know?
Bye, everyone!
Perfect job, helping the girls get
their leg over the bucking bronco.
I'm just looking at
their fucking knickers. Result.
It's killing Charlotte,
what happened.
I just wanna make sure
her and Mitch are actually OK.
Gary's telling us that he didn't
like seeing us upset.
That's rich. He made us like that
for two years. He wasn't arsed then.
I know Gary will be loving that my
boyfriend treat us bad. I hate it.
If anyone, I wanted to prove
to Gary that I was happy now,
I was totally over him.
Me and James get to Tup Tup.
I'm buzzing that I'm not at work.
James is surprised
I didn't stay with Scott.
But Scott wouldn't do that for me.
What's going on
between Scott and Marnie?
One minute they're saying
they like each other,
the next they want to neck on with
other people. I've had enough of it.
I can hear Holly and Gary
talking about Mitch.
I'm standing right here.
Charlotte's put pressure
on herself with Mitch
cos she wanted everything
to go perfectly,
but he shouldn't have been a dick.
That's not what I want
for my best friend.
I've had enough. Everyone's acted
like a drunken dickhead before.
Why are they still
slagging off Mitch?
Thank fuck work's done. Time to hit
Tup Tup and have a good night.
Everyone's here. Time to get mortal
and have a fucking mint night.
We're in the club
and me mind's on Mitch.
Me head's not in this. I can't
stop thinking about anything else.
I didn't think Charlotte
would come back.
Hope she doesn't beat herself up
about it.
Holly's still talking about Mitch.
I can't deal with this.
I can't stay while they're
slagging off me boyfriend.
I know they're not gonna stop.
I can't stay with them saying awful
things about him. It just kills us.
I don't want to be the girl
who's got a horrible boyfriend
and I don't wanna be the girl who
has to sit there and listen to them
and know they're all talking
about us behind me back.
I feel so torn between everyone in
the Geordie Shore house and Mitch.
I don't wanna leave them all,
but I can't have them talk about
someone who I care about so much
in bad ways.
I can't see Charlotte.
She's disappeared.
Marnie's telling me
that Charlotte's still really upset
cos she thinks everyone's
still slagging off Mitch.
I feel like I've said something
to upset her. I just hope not.
Fuck this, we need to go back to the
house and find out what's going on.
I don't know whether I can ever come
back to the Geordie Shore house.
I'm writing the note
because I want Holly to know
I haven't left her by herself cos
I feel so guilty for having to go.
I just hope she understands.
I finally thought I was happy.
The last thing I want
is for them all to hate me.
I really wish
things had gone differently.
(sobs) She's gone.
I'm genuinely lost.
Charlotte is my soul mate.
I'm probably make her squirt
all over the fucking shop.
(all) Geordie Shore, why-aye!
.
I don't know whether
I can ever come back to the house.
I thought I was happy.
The last thing I want
is for them all to hate me.
I really wish
things had gone differently.
We need to find out what's going on.
Why would she run out of a club
and not tell us where she's going?
I get back to the house...
...and there's this letter.
Ah, no.
Oh, no.
No, no, no, no.
(cries)
What's wrong?
(sobs)
Letter, man.
She's gone.
No-one in that house has a fucking
clue how devastated me and Holly is.
Charlotte literally is my soul mate.
For her to leave...
I'm genuinely lost.
I feel like
I am partly responsible for it.
I just can't believe
she's just gone.
Scott's got to be asleep in there.
I can't believe Charlotte's
actually left.
Scott was in the house.
If he was awake,
he maybes could've stopped her.
Charlotte loves Mitch so much.
I am being selfish,
wanting her to be there,
but she's my best friend.
I feel completely heart-broken.
It does go through my head,
what if I'd got with Charlotte?
What if I could've made her
the happiest girl in the world?
It keeps replaying over and over
in my head... what if?
So I've woken up in this massive room
and I'm completely by myself.
Charlotte's not here.
I'm absolutely gutted.
She just disappeared.
We came back and she's left a note.
She just disappeared?
Mm-hmm.
Marnie woke us up
and tells us Charlotte's left.
I must've been flat out
cos I would've stopped her.
I still can't believe
that last night Charlotte left
and now there's just the five of us.
(sighs) Fucking hell.
What's the craic?
Just feeding the chickens.
I feel like Rachel and Elizabeth
are really sad right now
because they're looking
for Charlotte. They miss her.
I don't know how much
I'm supposed to feed them.
She didn't leave me any guidelines.
There's only two days left.
Try and end it on a high.
Try and make the most of it.
Marnie still had the chance
to meet Kate
so we're gonna go to the beach
together, a little double date.
Ah, that's good. Double date?
I'm excited to meet her.
James is calling this a double date.
Not everyone's got a ball and chain
round their ankle like you.
Hi.
You all right?
Yeah.
It's like a little couple's day
out now. I know.
Me and Kate are absolutely smashing
Scott and Marnie at volleyball.
Guess who's the new dream team?
Bosh.
Yeah, very... close.
So are you gonna pull tonight
or not? Don't know.
I do feel like if Scott doesn't pull
a girl tonight, I might put out.
Will you rub some oil on me back
for us?
I tell you what,
I'll put oil on you in bed, lube.
Marnie's asking for a massage.
Knowing how good I am I'll make her
squirt all over the fucking shop.
That's too much!
It's not, man.
Very romantic.
I thought it was romantic.
Fuck!
(laughs)
Lads, I need your help tonight.
Tonight I want Scott all to meself.
I'll ask James and Gary to help us.
It's Operation Wingman Marnie.
I don't want Scott to pull.
Right. Ooh.
I have a feeling he's gonna. Gary,
talk to every girl he tries to pull.
Cock-block him?
Cock-block the fuck out of him.
My night out?
Dedicate it to Marnie and Scott.
James, tell him how amazing I am,
much better than these girls.
I'd do that anyway,
wouldn't I, Marnie?
Gaz is gonna cock-block and
I'm gonna big Marnie up to Scott.
I might put out before we leave
the house if he doesn't pull.
Fucking hell, all of his hard work
might pay off. Yeah.
I like Scott still and if he
doesn't pull, I might put out.
Yay!
We're playing beer pong, but instead
of beer we're using tequila.
This is only gonna end up one way,
fucking mortal.
Tonight we're hitting Bijoux
and I know Charlotte's not there,
but she'd want me to get mortal
and have a good time for her.
If somebody said that it'd be just me
and Marnie left at the end,
I would've told them
to go fuck themselves.
It's time to get Operation
Wingman Marnie into action.
Everyone's banging on about Marnie.
It's scrambling me brain.
I wanna get smashed
and see what happens.
I'm talking to Gary.
We agree the plan is going well.
Scott isn't talking to girls.
So far so good.
It's never gonna work. Scott is so
scared of admitting he likes Marnie.
He doesn't wanna lose his lad title
and not pull.
Scott's talking to girls, meaning
James and Gaz have failed miserably.
Me and Holly are gonna have to get
involved and do the cock-blocking.
I'm not sure whether shagging
Marnie's a good idea
cos she'll fall in love
and it'll make things complicated.
The girls have left
and Scott didn't pull anyone.
Operation Wingman Marnie
was a success.
(burps)
I've had a good night.
I'm absolutely mortal.
I feel like right now
all I need is me bed.
I need a girl's advice.
The closest thing I've got is James.
That's fucking weird. I don't even
know how to answer that one, like.
Marnie's talking to us
like I'm one of her girlfriends.
I haven't got a clue
what she's talking about.
So Scott didn't pull tonight.
If he can do the same tomorrow,
there'll be a happy ending.
How the fuck are you meant
to wear it? Like this. Cock.
Scott's ran away
cos he saw Marnie kiss another boy.
Go home to your mammy.
So much for family night.
(all) Geordie Shore, why-aye!
.
Me and Marnie have ended up
spooning most nights.
Tonight's our last night. I wonder
if she'll accept the fucking length.
So tonight is the last night.
We need to look amazing.
We're going shopping
to get something nice.
You do know that the last night's
a family night?
What does that mean?
Like, the lads can't pull,
the girls can't pull.
I wasn't gonna pull anyway.
You're allowed to pull each other.
The last night in the Geordie Shore
house means it's family night.
I'll stick to that plan
if Scott does.
Found stuff?
I'm gonna get these.
Nice.
I've spoke to Marnie
and she completely gets it.
There's no pulling and that's final.
I just hope the boys get it for once.
(doorbell)
Hello.
It's our last night. Anna turns up.
Is she having a fucking laugh?
Hi. You'll be pleased
it's the last job of the summer.
You're making us work on the last
night? Yes, all three lads. OK?
Anna's telling us that the boys
have to go to work tonight.
Usually we're together as a family,
and now she's just fucked it up.
And you will be wearing these.
It's non-negotiable.
Oh, you can fuck off.
Is that a thong?
Wear it in the limo.
Are you fucking kidding?
She wants us to wear a thong.
If she wanted to see me ball-sack,
she should've asked.
We're dressing like tits and getting
sent to work, on our last night.
Bye.
(all) Bye.
I was gonna say cheers, Anna,
but...
Are you wearing yours?
Don't know.
It doesn't really fit.
It's a medium.
There's no way I'll fit my chod
in that thong.
I'll get done for packing pure heat.
How the fuck are you meant
to wear it? Like this.
Alright, ladies?
Hey, knock-knock.
Scott's being a pussy
and James' arse's is too fat.
Cock. (laughs)
Do you wanna sniff these ones
like you did with Marnie's? What?
James!
(laughs) Oops.
What the fuck?
Scott's been sniffing me knickers?
The scruffy twat.
All right?
What's happening?
To the fucking lads.
To the lads.
We're pumped up,
ready for work tonight.
We get there and it's a 25th
birthday party, buzzing.
We need to show them a good time.
It's Claire's birthday,
let's get fucking smashed.
I'll put me cock in her face later.
(cheering)
Cheers!
Scott didn't pull last night
so he's definitely in with a chance.
I'm shaving me fairy for Scott.
It's had no attention for ages
and me mam said always be prepared.
Marnie is dry-shaving her fairy
in the room next to me.
I don't think I can deal with this.
Me and Holly are glammed up to the
max. Shot of tequila and we're out.
To the last night and to your shaven
fairy not going to waste. Lovely.
This bus has been fucking mental.
It's time to hit Indigo
and let the party games begin.
Scott and Gaz are firing ice
at each other.
Time to leave before they end up
necking on with each other.
We've shown these girls
an amazing time.
It's time to hit the club.
(roars)
I think we might be
a little bit pissed.
Fucking right!
Me and Marnie are in the club,
waiting for the boys to arrive,
so that family night can begin.
I'm so happy Holly's telling us
I'm part of the family
cos she never thought she could see
that happening. I'm over the moon.
We finally get to the club. Time to
kick off and get fucking mortal.
Scott's avoiding us. I'm dancing
on me own. I don't know what's up.
I see Scott and he's talking
to girls. I've fucking had enough.
Marnie, I explained family night
and you don't seem to be getting it.
Scott's talking to girls.
You don't have to rise to it.
You look like a fucking mug.
Cos these birds are all over me
Marnie's got desperate
and necks on with some other lad.
He's nowt compared to me.
So Scott's kicked off.
Fucking hell, all this over a girl.
We've never seen this side
of Scott before.
Scott hasn't got the brain or the
balls to pull off banging Marnie.
It's not happening.
Marnie is fucking with me head.
I can't trust her again.
My head is completely battered
so fuck it, I'm off home.
So Scott's ran away
cos he saw Marnie kiss another boy.
What the fuck?
OK, go home to your mammy.
I look over at Gary
and he's necking on with this girl.
There's nobody left in this house
who cares about the family.
I'm completely alone.
Gary comes over cos I'm crying.
I'm like, "What are you doing?"
"You don't even wanna be here.
You'd rather be necking on."
This is just a complete fucking mess
and all I wanna do now is go home.
So much for family night.
I wanted us to be a family.
If I was gonna get with anyone,
it was going to be Scott.
Then I seen him talking to girls
and I thought,
"If Scott's doing it,
I'm gonna do it." Then he walks out.
I don't give a fuck about anyone
right now. This isn't a family.
Everyone can seriously fucking do one
cos you're all giving me
a bastard fucking headache.
I get home and all I wanna do
is go straight to bed.
Everyone else in this house
is so selfish.
All they care about is pulling
or getting one over on each other.
That's not what family is.
They actually don't give a fuck.
Holly storms off. Scott's not here.
At least Marnie's up for it.
We get in the hot tub,
get pissed,
we're gonna have a laugh.
Gaz and Marnie are in the hot tub.
Marnie's after a bang
on her last night.
Scott's not here so Gaz will have
to do. We all know he won't say no.
When you're smashed and a girl's
in underwear, it is tempting.
Resisting Marnie is one of
the hardest things I've done.
Everyone knows how much I love girls.
I wouldn't do it to Scott. He better
realise what a good friend I am.
(horn sounds)
Oh, fuck!
Shock, Scott's bouncing over like
Tigger with a stick up his arse.
I wanna leave whatever we've had.
(cheering)
This might actually be an OK end
to this whole disaster. (cheering)
(all) Geordie Shore, why-aye!
.
I'm so hungover this morning.
Last night was absolutely terrible.
I was completely on my own.
This whole "family" night
didn't even exist.
Oh, my God. I'm so ill.
I'm fucking ill.
Last night was a fucking disaster.
It wasn't family night at all
and Scott isn't anywhere to be seen.
You were cracking on with lads.
Scott was with birds.
The only reason I pulled was cos
he was trying again to pull girls.
Fair enough.
He can fuck off. I don't know what
the future holds for me and Scott.
I'm gutted. I thought it'd be about
me and Scott finally getting it on.
Today we've got to do one last
bucket list thing. What is it?
I'm not gonna tell you,
but it's gonna be mint.
I'm actually gonna be sick.
It's our last day.
I'm not leaving here without everyone
happy, so I'm ringing Scott.
(phone rings)
"Hello?"
Oi-oi.
Shock, he can't remember, he was too
pissed. Now it's all fine and dandy.
Get ready and...
It's our last day. I've chartered a
luxury yacht to cruise down the Tyne.
All right, everyone.
Oh, my God, it's lush.
(Holly) I'm actually quite happy
about it. It looks amazing.
This might actually be
an OK end to this whole disaster.
Anchor up, full steam ahead.
What is it?
Aye, go on.
(horn sounds)
Oh, fuck!
There he is.
Shock, Scott's bouncing over like
Tigger with a stick up his arse.
This is fucking sexy as fuck.
Where the fuck did you go, then?
I'm so sorry.
This time has been a head fuck.
I've been at my house
as much as the Geordie Shore house.
I need to stop doing off
every time there's trouble.
What happened last night, then?
I didn't see you.
Scott pretends
he can't remember anything.
I know you're pissed off
cos Marnie pulled another lad.
I literally can't remember anything.
Surprise, surprise.
Scott's came back with
a fucking smug smile on his face.
He's not getting away with it.
We've got this for one day
so we're gonna blast down the Tyne,
go to the beach, go swimming.
It's the last day.
I wanna make sure Marnie
isn't angry with me.
I wanna smooth things over.
I just wanna leave whatever we've
had cos it's not going anywhere.
It's just a head fuck.
Scott won't change. All he cares
about is being in the dream team.
I do actually like you. You're
a lush girl. I think you're mint.
But your actions,
I can't deal with them.
I was never gonna trust Marnie.
She plays too many games.
She flirts with my mates.
I'm not gonna mug myself off.
Let's just agree to be friends,
nothing more from now on.
No more flirting.
I'm gutted me and Scott didn't work
out because I did really like him.
But if we can't be together,
I'm hoping we can be friends.
I'll have some lobster, like.
Oh, it stinks.
Eugh!
How the fuck...?
(screams)
Pop my cork, Scotty.
After last night I thought the
family was broken, but the yacht,
we've pieced it all back together.
I'll be sad to say goodbye.
Well done, everyone.
(cheering)
The yacht was an amazing idea
for the last day.
Now it's back to the house, pack
and fuck off. It's all over again.
Today on that yacht we were having
a good time. Nothing can break us.
We have actually come back
as a family.
One more.
Packed.
Been fucking mint this time.
See you later.
Sweet.
The best thing this time around,
by far, was the whole bucket list.
Have some of that, water,
you bell-end.
(cheering)
I've got one! I've got one!
I'm shitting meself.
It's so exciting.
I'm flying!
(cheering)
This time around,
it's been fucking mental.
There's been loads of highs,
loads of lows and loads of drama.
But I love it.
You off?
Yes.
(both) I'll miss you.
Me and Holly have been through
a lot of shit.
I'm just pleased we've sorted it
out. I think it's a fucking miracle.
Yes, I am intimidated.
She's fucking gorgeous.
So Marnie and Scott are kissing.
I'm watching Marnie's hanging gammon
being slapped around Gary's face.
Everyone's fucking kicking off.
Oh, shit!
She goes or I fucking go!
She's came in
and fucking ruined it all.
I told you to shut the fuck up!
It's my birthday!
Buzzing. I'm over the cock-fright.
We may have had our ups and downs.
We have gone through a lot.
Even though I say I hate them most
of the time, I am sad to be going.
I knew walking into the Geordie
Shore house was gonna be hard,
but I didn't realise quite how hard.
It's Marnie!
Gary is really good-looking,
but I'm looking at Scott
and it's making us
get fanny flutter already.
I just wanna pure blast her.
She's a massive flirty slag
with really long, confusing hair.
I ain't coming back.
You're a little slut!
Fuck, Marnie's back.
You stupid little scumbag!
I'm not gonna let them girls push
us out. She's dancing by herself.
This is us making up.
I am so embarrassed and humiliated.
I've finally been accepted
as part of the family.
I've enjoyed every minute and I
wouldn't change it for the world.
Now I look back after all the drama,
I think next time...
Dream Team back.
Full on.
Me and Gary ended up arguing over a
girl. That's never happened before.
It should never happen again.
She's fucked you off
with your so-called best friend.
It's the most tested
our friendship's ever been.
That looked weird.
What?
I've got a fucking 'nother girl. The
shagging crown is back on my head.
He's on the verge
of getting a fucking slap.
Hopefully I don't knock him out.
Scott's gonna kick off World War 19.
Start putting bros before hos
or you'll end up with no mates.
We're all good now
and the fucking Dream Team lives on.
Fuck me, that was mental.
(cheering)
We're gonna get mortal, shock.
You're in for a treat, pal.
At least we've had an amazing night.
Ha!
Get in!
Standard craic.
(vomits)
Egg's dead.
(all) Ashes to ashes, dust to dust.
Oh, my God!
.